[center]
Jake fun time infos

Personality and life story/info

  Jake is an all around nice guy. Only a few people would say otherwise, those who are jealous of him, which is only the spoiled brats and their very few friends. He is a caring, fun loving, multi talented, easy to get along with dude. Surprisingly, though, he doesn't play more than one sport and isn't the president of any big clubs. He doesn't really like that kind of stuff. His only sport is golf, and he's the one who started up a golf team at his school. 
  He has a passion for computers, and knows nine different coding languages and has hacked Google twice. But from his outward appearance, you would never be able to tell this about him. Only close friends and anyone who has been to his house would know. 
  Since he is so well liked at college, you'd might think his parents are well to do. That would be a mistake. His parents died three years before he was 18, in a plane crash. His aunt and uncle took him in and gave him a place to live. After about a half-month of depression, he started to learn computers, inside and out, and he started earning money from coding and hacking. That's where most of his money is from. The other part is from his art. 
  He is a great host and a fabulous cook, he learned from his mother, who was a cook at a nice restaurant. 
  He is also a very attractive guy. He has natural good looks, and he also works out at the gym at least twice a week. He's had a few girlfriends and even a few boyfriends. 
  He has been drawing since he was three, and got better at it the whole time. He would always be sketching and doodling whenever he had the chance, and would almost never be seen without his sketchpad. It wasn't until one of his high school teachers mentioned that he could probably make some money off of his drawing that he ever considered it. Once he started drawing for other people that were giving him money for it, he saw that his teacher was right, he had his own style of drawing that people really liked. Most of the art he does is real life stuff, and he has a fine grasp on autonomy. 
  Under all of the great guy exterior, is a much kinker dude. Most of the time, there is a ever so slight undertone to his voice that is best described as sultry. Most people don't notice it unless they are with him alone or with just a couple other people. If you were ever able to get into his computer - you wouldn't, he has it so secure that nobody could ever even get to the login screen except him - you would see that his art went a lot deeper than real life stuff. Probably half of his art is adult artwork and some adult stories, he seems to also have a knack for writing too. He's famous on many online art sites. 

Physical description n stuff

  To any stranger that might walk by him, he is male. The noticeable bulge in his pants attest to that. But, he is not 100% male. He is a herm. Sure, he has man-parts, actually he has more than a normal male down there, in more ways than one. He is bisexual, with a preference toward males. 
  Jake is built mostly like a big wolf, but with some features of a dragon. His fur is mostly purple with a light dusting of dark blue, with silver along his sides and the top of his arms and legs. His chest and belly fur is a light grey. He has a tail of a dragon, highly flexible and four feet long with purple scales along the top and silver fur along the bottom. He has overly large footpaws, for a wolf, and they seem to be a lot more flexible than they should be. His handpaws are what you would normally see on a (anthro) wolf. The fur on his muzzle/face is purple and white. He has medium sized (proportionally) dragon horns, which are a deep dark blue. He has piercing sky blue pupils, with a silver outline. He has a mop of light purple meduim length hair, dyed a dark lime green. His tongue is a wolfs, but is able to grow to 3 feet long O_o. His skin, pawpads, and cawks are lime green. His tongue is normal color for a canine.
  His groin is furred, with a huge, juicy sheath. Below that are his bawls, which are massive, about the size of softballs. Under his big bawls is his vagina! :D His cocks, yes that is plural, he has two, are monsters, halfway between dragon and wolf. When fully unsheathed and rock hard, they are 20 inches long, and 3 inches thick at the base, tapering to 2 at the tip. He has knots like a wolf, which grow to 4 inches thick as Jake nears release. He has a few dragonic ridges on the undersides. He produses pre like a fountain, which tastes like chocolate(lol)! His pucker is normal looking for a dragon wolf. His musk has slight hypnotic and major arousing properties, which he takes advantage of.
[/center]
